[Music]
Sister, take it easy
[Applause] What is it?
Nothing, it's
nothing
[Applause]
Today the car is waiting for everyone. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear Dharma leader, today
is November 20th,
Vietnamese Teachers' Day. All the Buddhists
in the Khuc Hoang club practice the Six Harmonies.
We, with three hearts, respectfully obey and are
grateful. Today we have
fresh flowers to offer to you. We wish you
abundant health and that you, as our
second teacher, will guide us
on the path of enlightenment and
liberation. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. I am
also very grateful for the
kindness of all the
Buddhists. I never expected that I, just a
Buddhist practicing as a nun, would have such a
large community of Buddhists with the same affinity as me, both
young and old.
Before, I only thought...
Simply put, how can we have a group of Buddhists to
practice together, sharing the same
mind and supporting each other? Because of
special circumstances,
we have now
gathered into this club. I
pray that the Buddhas will bless all the
Buddhists in our club,
and all Buddhists who are
already Buddhists, so that they may diligently practice and have the necessary conditions to
practice the liberating teachings
of the Buddha. Lay practitioners should practice lay practices, and
when
we have the conditions to become monks or nuns,
we will diligently practice the
practices of monastics for our
benefit. But whether we are practicing lay practices or when we have the conditions to
practice monastic practices, we should all be
excellent practitioners, so that we may benefit the world.
Buddhists in our club,
though worldly, will benefit
the world, and we will benefit ourselves through our own practice.
Many people who practice Buddhism and follow
Buddhist teachings
benefit from this. We
ask the Buddhas to bear witness to all this, from
the grateful hearts of all
Buddhists. We offer these flowers to the Buddhas, offering them to the
Triple Gem, and we pray for the blessings of the Triple Gem to bless
us throughout our lives,
continuing to follow the path of Bodhi as our Teacher has
spoken today. We are
determined to seek Supreme Enlightenment, attain
liberation, and bring the Dharma back
to the world. And I also offer
this gift, this pure offering,
which I have already received. All the
gifts and donations that everyone has given
me, I would like to contribute to the
club's gratitude fund. May
our club grow ever larger,
and may we, with gratitude and respect, diligently
practice the
Buddha's teachings. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
May all disciples
acknowledge this.  All of her teachings and
all of us Buddhists will strive diligently in our
practice so that together with her, we can
spread the Dharma and let
everyone in society know about
Ba Vang Pagoda, know about our club,
and know about our practice
so that we can together with her
convey the Dharma to the whole
world. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
I
have feelings that we will
never have throughout our lives in this world. I also hope
that in every life we ​​are born as
children of Buddha, and that all the
Buddhists in the club will be
like the teacher and even higher, so that we can
become Buddhas, walking and guiding people forever, illuminating the
sky like the bright moon shining
in the
darkness.
[Music]
Oh I